Updated documentation to add "npm install" (#758)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/build-apps/add-nerdgraphquery-guide.mdx

```bash
cd ../..
```

  </Step>

<Step>

> For the first time execution, run below command to install all the required modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is your first time executing this code run the below command to install all the required modules:
```
